>> Brian Holt: So let's talk about some
other properties of Bloom filters.
>> Brian Holt: As you may have guessed,
you can't remove anything
from a Bloom filter, right?
Because if I go and try and
remove something from a Bloom filter
something else might have
flipped that one as well.
So you might actually be removing multiple
things from your Bloom filter which is
probably not what you wanna do.
So, that's a property of a Bloom filter
is you can never remove anything that
you've added to a Bloom filter.
The other thing that you have to be
careful of this is when you'RE allocating
a Bloom filter 10 indices is not nearly
enough for a Bloom filter, right?
Usually it's hundreds or a thousand or
something to that effect, right?
Because you can't expand a Bloom filter,
right?
Without keeping track of everything that's
already been added to it which kind of
defeats the purpose, right?
So make sure you're allocating
enough memory upfront for
however many things that
you're going to do.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, anyway.
So that's another thing you want
to be keeping of track of is,
how many things that, or
make sure it's big enough.
More hashing functions, right?
So as you might imagine if I
run something through three or
four hashing functions I'm gonna
get less false negatives, right?
Because it's gonna be spread out over
multiple parts of the array, but
the tradeoff in doing that means that
you probably need a bigger array because
you have to able to store more things.
So you have to decide what your
tolerance for false negatives is too.
There's complicated math that will tell
you the percentages and things like that.
And it's like, I'm not going to teach you
how to do that cuz that would imply that I
know how to do that.
[LAUGH] Suffice to say, there are plenty
calculators online that do it.
>> Speaker 2: So, you're saying the words,
false negatives, and
on the slide I'm seeing the phrase,
false positives.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, that's probably
me just mixing up my terminology.
So, yes false positives.
Cuz the answers are no and maybe so
it would be a false positive,
not a false negative.
Thank you.
>> Brian Holt: This is another
good thing to keep in mind.
Usually when people hear
the word hashing function
their first thoughts go to MD5, right?
That's at least for me, when I hear
hashing function I think of MD5.
Or the other one is SHA-1 or
256 or something like that,
these are not the hashing
functions you want to use because
these are cryptographically secure.
Or I guess that's a, I'm not gonna.
>> Speaker 3: Used to be?
>> Brian Holt: They were designed
to be cryptographically secure.
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Let's go with that.
So if I say the point of Bloom
filters is to be fast and
efficient, these are designed to be slow.
Because that's what cryptography and all
those kind of things are designed to do.
So you don't wanna use
a slow hashing algorithm,
you want something that's actually really,
really fast.
So that's why you don't wanna use SHA or
MD5,
you wanna use something
that's designed to go fast.
In the exercise I've just provided you,
the hashing functions,
suggest to use those.
But that's something to keep in mind.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about
what these are, how to use them.
>> Speaker 4: Is there a known hashing
function with the uniform distribution for
strings?
>> Brian Holt: I have a general rule that
I never write my own hashing functions.
So there is a library called XXJS,
I think, is what it's called.
That does that.
Yeah.
Yep.